# HashCity

HashCity is a 3D endless runner developed in UnityEngine. This game Has Been developed as thesis for my Bachelor Degree and Represents my very first approach with the game development process, UnityEngine and the C # language (even though I already was familiar with object-oriented programming).

The whole project could be seen as composed in two parts: a library and the game itself.

The library is an interface between the game and the social network Twitter, Which is fundamental for the gameplay. It Has Been designed to simplify the communication between the social network and Unity Engine. The library covers the main actions That can be performed with the Twitter APIs. It handles the logging process through the OAuth system, it Allows the user to handle the tweets and perform the main actions, such as posting, replying, retweeting and searching tweet respondig to a certain query. Also it can take some informations of a certain user specifying His screen name or id it and it can handle Twitter timelines. Moreover, it has predisposed a system for withdrawing tweets from Twitter streaming channel.

The game is a 3D endless runner in a city nocturne set. All the animations and the models sono stati downloaded from the Internet for free (at the README and licenses are available in the project). The final purpose is to run the longest path possible before the game over, Which Happens When the character's life ends. In fact, every time the character is hit by an obstacles loses some life. The special feature of the game is its complete integration with Twitter: the obstacles are the representation of Tweets from public timelines - the user can see the tweets' information (text and author) When he or she is hit from the obstacle. Moreover, Twitter's users can interact with the player using a combination of hashtags and mentions, Which will result in the apparition of a bonus or a penalty in the game in order to help or hinder the character.
